I've been in that seat the entire time huhuh
Oh of course, Oh I wouldn't be.
Like you mean like throw a party?
Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah I like what we do in the dorm room. Yeah
Yeah.
Yeah, it has to happen. No, we just stopped eating now
mmm...
oohh....
yeah
Yeah. huhuha
Should we go back to school?
Huhhhahaha, I feel it good
mmm...
I don't know, I don't eat like
so much fast food, so it's not like...
I'm like oh I miss this from home, I was very hype like
Ohhhh. That's what I want though. I want to drive.
We didn't drive
They ***I need to go to dolby
It is Tokyo, right. Norway?
The chicken plain, Church's chicken?
It's just like, It's like a Texas.
Southern, Chicken place, KFC?
a chicken place
from a southern, no, huh, a, a chicken place from a southern state
Popeyes?
You make some Jollybean and Popeyes.
Haha why is
I felt like busy in this thing I did it easy, yeah
yeah
Well, Papoye is also good. Yeah
We we had to go to both?
We should do I chicken taste has with Papoyes taste
Chick-fil-a
mm yeah
Yeah
I can't remember how far. I know there's one in it.
mmm yeah
Um, yeah
I'm a ***
yeah
there there's half circling. Yes
Yeah. But we can include- we should do like a blind ranking. Yeah
Yeah
Yeah, yeah
Oh really?
Did I tell you my friends and I did a blind bulb out?
Taste test of baking at home. Yeah. Quickly!
Haha, yeah, we were all shot, we just we only got like
***Yeah, that was inside
Okay, we did share to you quickly this
Um.... ch ch whereas
No, there is no home bakers near us. Well, there's in Berkeley
but we just we just did like go go go far. Yeah. So we did
share a tea quickly, a teaspoon,
Um, we did this one by our high school called T4. Oh, I think T4 is a chain.
But I don't I don't think you've had it. but yeah, that's like a like
Ah No, no, no, I wasn't say that
Lets all just far, ***
Um.. there are couple like this, I can did
I think we did six.
I'm trying to think, how
Yeah, yeah chicken to ***
Oh, we did this one. It's quality. They have one in Pinot and one in as half the
I can't remember. I I have it in my somewhere. I can show you.
But yeah, so we were thinking like
other drinks might be better at other places.
But the classic milk tea, they the got it down the quickly.
But we said it, but it hype like more of a tea
Tea flavor like more older comparitively but,
it was doing it for both unanimously